## User Interface Guide

The user interface consists of two main sections: the side panel with widgets and the main panel with interactive plots.

### Side Panel

- **Select Cluster Widget**: Allows you to select a desired cluster generated by the Seurat pipeline. Once a cluster is selected, the corresponding spots are highlighted on the spatial plot atop the tissue slice.
- **Top Features Tab**: After selecting a cluster, the "Features to Visualize" selector is updated, displaying cluster-associated significant features in ascending order of adjusted p-value (FDR). Selecting a feature colorcodes the spots on the spatial plot based on their PSF activity value, and renders the pathway network beneath the spatial plot.
- **Pathway Vis Tab**: This tab allows users to select a desired pathway for visualization. You can also select visualization values (either expression or PSF) for the pathway nodes.

### Main Panel

The main panel contains the interactive spatial plot and pathway networks:

- **Interactive Spatial Plot**: This plot can display spot clustering, colorcoded gene expression or pathway activities on top of tissue scan slice. You can zoom in, zoom out, and pan across the plot. Spots can be selected via box or lasso selection to explore expression or PSF values of specific areas of interest. 
  - **Spot Information on Hover**: Hovering over a spot provides additional information about the cluster assignment or spot value.
- **Pathway Network Visualization**: The selected pathway can be visualized in two different modes: KEGG or VisNet. 
  - **KEGG Visualization Mode**: The KEGG pathway is displayed as an interactive image. Hovering over pathway nodes provides additional information, such as gene symbol, Entrez ID, expression values, and PSF activity.
  - **VisNet Visualization Mode**: VisNet utilizes visNetwork R package to render the pathway networks in an interactive format. This mode also supports zoom, and pan features.
  - Double-clicking a node (in KEGG) or single-clicking a node (in VisNet) highlights the node and visualizes its expression or activity value on the spatial plot.

The interactive interface is designed to make spatial transcriptomic exploration and analysis intuitive and informative.
